here's three ways to stretch without
anybody noticing instead of doing a full
pigeon stretch on the dinner table you
can actually just cross one ankle over
your knee straighten your back and lean
forward to feel the same piriformis
stretch and instead of doing a full
lunge stretch at the grocery store you
can actually just tuck your pelvis step
back and lean back and you'll feel a
similar stretch right here and instead
of stretching your upper back like
you're a little kid in grade school
again you can actually just reach toward
your opposite pocket to check something
and ah
yeah that one looks a little weird but
you know No One's Gonna notice stay
flexy